Alrighty, so we're at the final step
of our development process.
This is step four of updating the HTML template
to populate the drop-down lists for months and years.
Alrighty, so let's swing over here
and let's open up the HTML template, checkoutcomponent.html
and let's scroll down to the credit card section
and then let's move down to the area of expiration month,
so this is kind of the area of code
that we need to be in right now
and in particular, we're going to focus in on lines 206, 208:
form control name, expiration month.
Right now we have that placeholder here for to do,
we're going to remove this and add some angular code
to support this feature to actually populate the data.
So I make use of the option, do the ngFor,
so I let month of credit card months,
so basically going to loop over that array from our component
and then I simply display the month
using the double curly braces
and so this will loop over that array
and it'll populate that drop-down list
with all of the different months.
Okay, so let's scroll down and let's do a similar thing here
for expiration year
and so again, we're going to focus in
on this little select component here
for form control name, expiration year
and update that to do section
and again, very similar coding here,
let year of credit card years, that's the array
that we'll loop over from our component
and we simply display the year.
All right, so that's the coding there
for populating the drop-down list for expiration months
and expiration years, good.
So now let's go ahead and test this application.
I'll open up a new terminal window
and actually, before I do that,
let me swing over to IntelliJ,
make sure that my spring boot back end is up and running.
So I'll go ahead and start
my spring boot e-commerce application.
Okay, excellent, that code is up and running,
the back end's running.
Now we can go through and run our front end,
just open up a new terminal window, move into our directory
and start up our angular application.
Okay, great, so our app is up and running.
Let's go ahead an access it in the web browser
and then let's just go ahead and add some products
to our shopping cart
and go check on our cart
and now it's moved down to this checkout button.
Okay great, so now here's our form,
let's move down to the credit card section,
zoom in a bit and success!
So notice here, we have the expiration months and years
that are populated dynamically
and we start at the current month.
So when I'm recording this video it's June,
so that's why we start at June,
and the current year of 2020
but you could easily go through and check
or select other items there accordingly
and we have some other things I want to do
to kind of fine tune this a bit but this is a good start
and we have some other things that we'll cover
in some of the upcoming videos
but at this point I'd like to say good job, my friend.